feat(curriculum): add greeting card workshop to cert (#56976)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-greeting-card/673338ebd152d736d1bd2aa4.md

---
id: 673338ebd152d736d1bd2aa4
title: Step 20
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

> Add the selector with the pseudoclass to target the `.card-links a` elements when hovered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the selector with the `pseudo-class` to target the `.card-links a` elements when hovered.
```

---
id: 673338ebd152d736d1bd2aa4
title: Step 20
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

> Add the selector with the `pseudo-class` to target the `.card-links a` elements when hovered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a pseudo-class selector that targets the `.card-links a` elements when hovered over.
```
Not sure but it sounds better to me
